Revamped CMake files (#19)
rticommunity/rticonnextdds-gateway: doc/building.rst

    |RTI_CONNEXT| installation.

Optionally, you can use ``CMAKE_BUILD_TYPE`` to select the type of libraries to

> build (either ``Release``, or ``Debug``, default: ``Debug``). This documentation

Reviewer: "Release" and "Debug" are not the only build configuration accepted by CMake:
>  Possible values are empty, Debug, Release, RelWithDebInfo, MinSizeRel, ...

Also, the default build type is not "Debug" in CMake, but rather the "empty" configuration, which is slightly different. Originally, the old repository used to "normalize" the build type if it was empty, setting it to "Release" and thus making "Release" the default. Not sure why we lost that feature.

Anyway, I suggest a small rephrasing:
```suggestion
build (for example ``Release``, or ``Debug``, see CMake's own documentation for [CMAKE_BUILD_TYPE](https://cmake.org/cmake/help/latest/variable/CMAKE_BUILD_TYPE.html)). This documentation
```

and README files assume that you are using ``Release`` building configuration,
in case you build the libraries using ``Debug`` configuration, you must run

> the RTI Routing Service for debug mode located in:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and README files assume that you are using the ``Release`` build configuration.
If you build the libraries using ``Debug`` configuration, you must run
the debug version of Routing Service located at:
```
